Updated main and MagicWeather README to match purchases-ios (#433)
RevenueCat/react-native-purchases: README.md

💯 | Well maintained - [frequent releases](https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-ios/releases)  
📮 | Great support - [Help Center](https://revenuecat.zendesk.com) 

## Getting Started
For more detailed information, you can view our complete documentation at [docs.revenuecat.com](https://docs.revenuecat.com/docs).

Please follow the [Quickstart Guide](https://docs.revenuecat.com/docs/) for more information on how to install the SDK.

Or view our React Native sample app:
- [MagicWeather](examples/MagicWeather)

## Requirements

The minimum React Native version this SDK requires is `0.64`.

## SDK Reference

> Our full SDK reference [can be found here](https://revenuecat.github.io/purchases-ios-docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our full SDK reference [can be found here](https://revenuecat.github.io/react-native-purchases-docs/).
```

## Contributing

> Contributions are always welcome! To learn how you can contribute, please see the [Contributing Guide](./Contributing/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: Sadly, we don't have this file in this repo 😢

---

## Installation

ExpoKit projects of version 33 or higher can successfully use react-native-purchases. If you haven't upgraded, you can follow [the instructions here to upgrade](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/expokit/expokit/#upgrading-expokit). 

If you're planning on ejecting from Expo, upgrade your expo version _first_, THEN eject. It'll save you a whole lot of hassle.
> ❗️ If you're planning on ejecting from Expo, upgrade your expo version _first_, THEN eject. It'll save you a whole lot of hassle. ❗️

### Add the library to the project
### 1. Add the library to the project

```
$ npm install react-native-purchases --save
```

`$ npm install react-native-purchases --save`
or
`$ yarn add react-native-purchases`

### Link library to the project
```
$ yarn add react-native-purchases
```

`$ react-native link react-native-purchases`
### 2. Link library to the project

```
$ react-native link react-native-purchases
```

### Additional iOS Setup

> #### If your project uses Cocoapods

Reviewer: This will make the header smaller than "Additional iOS Setup" which is what we want right?

Author: Interesting, the additional #'s were just not nesting any further on my preview, so I removed them.

I have reverted the headers.

In your `ios` folder, run `pod install`. If you've just upgraded ExpoKit, you might need to upgrade cocoapods to the newest version: `sudo gem install cocoapods`. 

### Migrating from manual installation (if your project doesn't use CocoapodsCreate)

### Remove the Framework Reference from your project

1. Remove `Purchases.framework` and `PurchasesHybridCommon.framework` from the libraries section of the project. 

### Remove iOS Frameworks to Embedded Binaries
1. In Xcode, in project manager, select your app target.
1. Select the general tab
1. Look for `Purchases.framework` and `PurchasesHybridCommon.framework` in the Embedded Binaries section and remove them.

Remove `$(PROJECT_DIR)/../node_modules/react-native-purchases/ios` from Framework Search paths in build settings

### Remove Strip Frameworks Phase
During the old manual installation instructions, now deprecated, we indicated to add a build phase to strip fat frameworks. 
1. In Xcode, in project manager, select your app target.
2. Open the `Build Phases` tab
3. Remove the added `Strip Frameworks` phase
4. Clean `Derived Data` 

> ### Link static library

Reviewer: Same with all these other headers. We want them to be nested, removing these `#` will make them at the same level as  `Additional iOS Setup`

Author: Reverted.
